---
title: "Release notes for v1.12"
sub_link: "1-12"
code_link: "releases/1-12.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.12.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.12.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

> **Important**: If you are using ingress for exposing the gateway, make sure to check if you need to add `pathType: ImplementationSpecific` (for example, this is required for GCP ingress)

## v1.12.3

> This patch release is a WIP.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Add pagination to the resources tab to not load/display all events at the same time.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not render large artifacts and provide preview button.
 * **Fix**: Project filter should default to name instead of uuid. 

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Enforce sampling and only keep a maximum of 10k entries per event.

## v1.12.2

### Stream/Initializer

 * **Fix**: Regression in `GCS` artifacts store backend.

### Tracking

 * **Enhancement**: Remove per CPU tracking and report a global value only. **Please run: "pip install -U polyaxon" in your container build**.
 * **Fix**: Versioned artifact tracking, should use `step or versioned flag` instead of `step and versioned flag`.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Add search, sorting, and pagination to the artifacts lineage table.
 * **Enhancement**: Add support for force re-fetch to the artifacts tab.


### CLI

 * **Fix**: Typo in completion command.

### Core

  * **Enhancement**: Improve resolution logic of versioned entities.

### Commercial

* **Enhancement**: Add `locked` indicator to runs with model versions.

## v1.12.1

> This patch release was deleted.

## v1.12.0

### Agent

 * **Security**: Fix security issues.
 * **Enhancement**: Several enhancements based on core, streams, and sidecar.

### CLI

 * **New**: Make CLI compatible with `click>=8`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve CLI debug/verbose mode to show more information.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve CLI parser to validate slugs like project names to avoid silent 405 errors when a user uses `-p` instead of `-P` to pass params.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve CLI errors to show more information than `Error message: ('Connection broken: IncompleteRead(0 bytes read, 23 more expected)', IncompleteRead(0 bytes read, 23 more expected))`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve the create command for hub (component, version) to correctly use the current configured owner instead of `polyaxon`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve cache flag: `polyaxon run --cache=y/yes/t/true/1` or `polyaxon run --cache=n/no/f/false/0`.
 * **Deprecation**: Deprecate `polyaxon run --nocache` flag in favor of `polyaxon run --cache=t/f`.

### Specification

 * **New**: Add `to_env` to simplify exposing an IO or a param to an environment variable automatically.
 * **New**: Add model version init loader.

### Core

 * **New**: Add reservoir sampling for events logging and/or streaming.
 * **New**: Add support for date and datetime ranges for hyperparam generation.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve compiler to not pass `isApproved` to children operations in DAG and Matrix polyaxonfiles.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve update statuses API with force flag to prevent automated process from overriding a final status.
 * **Enhancement**: Relax the datetime equality operator to not check seconds/milliseconds.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve compiler to respect the patch strategy of the the override config requested in restart/resume.
 * **Fix**: Issue with restarted runs containing updated container args getting merged with values from previous args.

### Sidecar

 * **Fix**: Issue with race condition in collecting related runs' artifacts(impacts tracking in notebooks).

### Tracking

 * **New**: Add summary lineage tracking for system resources.

### UI

 * **New**: Add compare view.
 * **New**: Add diff-mode when comparing runs.
 * **New**: Add changes-mode to show the delta between values based on a baseline when comparing runs.
 * **New**: Allow filtering by values when clicking on a table cell.
 * **Enhancement**: Show button to view raw artifacts in read-only mode.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve comparison table in fullscreen mode to correctly render the artifacts/modals/actions/...
 * **Enhancement**: Only show layout selection when both table and events dashboard are selected.
 * **Enhancement**: Rename "Current token" to "Default token".
 * **Enhancement**: Add line numbers to code/text files in artifacts viewer.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve suggestions for cpu and memory filters.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve value suggestions.
 * **Enhancement**: Show `approve selection` multi-action button if one or multiple selected runs are pending approval.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve user's profile dropdown.
 * **Enhancement**: Add `reset` button to the `dashboards` tab to reset the dashboard configuration.
 * **Enhancement**: Add pending flags filter dropdown.
 * **Enhancement**: Show `my bookmarks` filter as a pin.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow sorting by hidden columns in the grid table.
 * **Enhancement**: Increase the real estate of the events dashboard in the fixed layout by minimizing the control buttons of the runs table while resizing.
 * **Enhancement**: Add quick flag to filter for runs related to model versions.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve rendering of memory values in table and quotas.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve several icons.
 * **Fix**: Issue in logs viewer truncating results when using the search bar.
 * **Fix**: Issue with filter search losing focus when the suggestions dropdown appears.
 * **Fix**: Issue in the users filter dropdown's state.
 * **Fix**: Issue with datetime humanized values and milliseconds formatting in duration analytics.
 * **Fix**: Issue some style issues.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Add backfill scheduling guide.
 * **Enhancement**: Add cpu and memory conditions to the query language docs.
 * **Fix**: Several typos.

### Hub

 * **Enhancement**: Update Tensorboard's default container image to `2.4.2`.

### Deployment & Setup

 * **Enhancement**: Update Helm chart's ingress resource to support v1 API.
 * **Enhancement**: Drop support for deprecated beta APIs for CRD and ingress.
 * **Security**: Upgrade base image to remove all critical vulnerabilities.
 * **Security**: Upgrade gosu to disallow insecure setuid installations.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Allow subscribing to the business plan on the monthly cycle.
 * **New**: Add all runs tab to view and manage cross-project runs, this tab is available to users with the admin role or higher.
 * **New**: Add tags management.
 * **New**: Analytics configurations and views:
   * Add total runs breakdown by users, projects, agents, and queues.
   * Add cost and resources breakdown by users, projects, agents, and queues.
   * Add cost and resources consumption over time.
   * Add total(sum) of resources consumption and durations over time.
   * Add Active users over time.
   * Add cost and resources consumption stats.
   * Add most active users in a time range.
   * Add most active projects in a time range.
   * Add most used components in a time range.
 * **New**: Projects management functionalities:
   * Improve promotions of runs to model registry to register new releases/versions.
   * Simplify linking projects to model registry.
   * Allow transferring runs from one project to another.
   * Allow editing searches directly from the dropdown.
   * Allow editing dashboards directly from the dropdown.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve bookmark logic.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve archive logic.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve model registry and versions loading and updates.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve operations cache layer.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve operations cache specification to allow users to select sections to be used for the state calculation (init, connections, containers).
 * **Enhancement**: Improve operations cache proxy.
 * **Enhancement**: Add cleanup for orphan pipelines, i.e. this happens when a user deletes all runs in a pipeline without deleting the pipeline itself.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve compiler to automatically convert matrix params to context only if they are not defined in the Inputs/Outputs.
 * **Enhancement**: Automatically assign `stopped` status to a pipeline if all runs under it are stopped.
