---
title: "Release notes for v1.13"
sub_link: "1-13"
code_link: "releases/1-13.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.13.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.13.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

## v1.13.0

> This minor release is a WIP.

### Deployment & Setup

 * **Enhancement**: Drop `ClusterRoleBinding` for single namespace deployments and use `RoleBinding` instead.
 * **Enhancement**: Openshift ready deployment strategy.
 * **Enhancement**: Tighten security of all containers: 
   * Drop root by default even without security context enabled.
   * Reconfigure all containers to use the port 8000 instead 80.
   * Add support for pod and container security context (uid, gid, fs, privilege escalation, non root)
 * **Enhancement**: Ony support offline mode for serving assets.

### Agent

 * **New**: (Beta) Add cluster and namespace monitoring:
   * Show nodes's states and health.
   * Show nodes's CPU/Memory/GPU consumption.

### CLI

 * **New**: Add missing commands for setting/updating the stage of a component/model version.
 * **New**: Add new `-HP` to simplify passing hyper-params similar to `-P`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve `admin upgrade` command to show more information.
 * **Enhancement**: Error handling and debug instructions.
 * **Fix**: Project update command.

### Specification

 * **Enhancement**: Add template replica to reduce boilerplate for defining distributed jobs.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow setting DAG outputs without the SDK/Client.
 
### Tracking

 * **New**: Add support for tracking and auto-syncing local experiments.
 * **New**: Add hugging face logger.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve several callbacks.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve system tracking.

### UI

 * **New**: Add operation status color indicator to the page's favicon.
 * **New**: Add markdown, scalar, summary, lineage, and performance widgets.
 * **New**: Allow setting a column color saturation based on a metric's or a param's trend (increasing/decreasing).
 * **New**: Add Metrics/Params correlation and importance.
 * **New**: Add predefined hyperparameter tuning widgets/visualizations.
 * **New**: Allow inspecting charts and showing the data used.
 * **New**: Add indicator of queues saturation/usage in the queues table.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve timeline view.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve graph view.
 * **Enhancement**: Make artifacts paths and opened files durable using URL query params.
 * **Enhancement**: Make logs search, filters, and options durable using URL query params.
 * **Enhancement**: Add pagination to the resources tab to not load/display all events at the same time.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not render large artifacts and provide preview button.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not show `restart` and `resume` buttons for manually managed runs.
 * **Enhancement**: Show `No actions available` in the dropdown for users with no access rights on specific runs instead of an empty dropdown.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not show delete button on artifacts for users with the member role.
 * **Enhancement**: Minimize pagination when the user resizes the table below the minimum required width.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not show suggestions when a run is displayed in flyout mode. 
 * **Fix**: Project filter should default to name instead of uuid.
 * **Fix**: Container images in the run inspection page.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Update some old guides and screenshots.
 * **Enhancement**: Add advanced restrictions guide.

### Operator

 * **New**: Add Distributed MXNetJob integration.
 * **New**: Add Distributed XGBoostJob integration.
 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade go version.
 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade controller-runtime.
 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade kubebuiler version.
 * **Enhancement**: Deprecate the individual Kubeflow operators in favor of the training operator.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve distributed jobs.
 * **Enhancement**: Add scheduling policy for Kubeflow distributed jobs.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Add global search (cmd + k), a single global search field to provide easy access to:
   * Projects
   * Models
   * Components
   * Connections
   * Operations
 * **New**: Add notification center to allow users to control and manage notifications using the UI.
 * **New**: Add possibility to buy read-only seats, with fixed viewer role, to allow org owners to invite other team users to view reports and explore ML Apps, notebooks, ... in read-only mode.
 * **New**: Add selection reports, this is similar to selection in v0 but the new implementation will support all the new features and dashboard flexibility (events, artifacts, lineages, comparison, custom columns selection, multi-field sorting, ...):
    * Allows adding single runs to a report from the run's overview page.
    * Allows adding multiple runs to a report using a multi-run action.
    * Add project sidebar button `Reports`.
    * Allow running downstream-ops for a report, e.g. multi-run Tensorboard.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow admins to create presets.
 * **Enhancement**: Add possibility to save searches on the global runs table.
 * **Enhancement**: Add possibility to save custom analytics searches.
 * **Enhancement**: Add more informative messages and handling when scaling down usage/agents/seats or when downgrading to a plan missing a specific feature.
 * **Enhancement**: Add support for resuming pipelines and matrix operations.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve resuming or restarting an operation that is part of a pipeline.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve hyperparameter tuning algorithms.
 * **Enhancement**: Investigate the new `suspend` feature to provide immediate concurrency change instead of the current [draining logic](/faq/How-does-changing-concurrency-work/).
 * **Fix**: Regression in metric early stopping policies.
