---
title: "Release notes for v1.14"
sub_link: "1-14"
code_link: "releases/1-14.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.14.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.14.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---
## V1.14.4

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Improve compiler failure message due to sampling errors.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Update roadmap link in UI.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve transferring of artifact/model versions.

## V1.14.3

### Streams & Agent

 * **Fix**: Issue with sampling does not preserve series order.
 * **Security**: Update some packages with CVE and security issues.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve upload logic when streams service is configured with multiple replicas.


### Core

 * **Fix**: Issue with unit sanitization and prevent compiler from raising an error.

### UI

 * **Security**: Update some packages with CVE and security issues.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve logs viewer to better handle long log lines.
 * **Enhancement**: Add missing `id` / `uid` / `uuid` from the search suggestions.
 * **Enhancement**: Issue with new dashboard sections minimized by default. 

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Improve Tags API and UI.

## V1.14.2

### Agent

 * **Enhancement**: Auto-cleaning.

### Specification

 * **New**: Add possibility to set `replicas` and `isExternal` on services.
   * replicas: Optional value to provision more than a single replica for the service.
   * external: A flag to signal to Polyaxon that this service should not go through Polyaxon's auth.
 * **Enhancement**: Delay compilation of the init section until the full context is resolved.

### Core

 * **Security**: Update some packages with CVE and security issues.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Improve tags API and stats.
 * **Fix**: Issue with queue saturation when only the concurrency limit is set.
 * **Fix**: Issue that minimizes new sections that loads all events for a specific.

## V1.14.1

### Deployment & Setup

 * **Enhancement**: Expose per-service node scheduling (node selector, affinity, and tolerations).
 * **Enhancement**: Add `operations/finalizers` to the operator service account's apiGroups.
 * **Enhancement**: Add configuration for `cleaner` and `notifier` auxiliary containers to Helm chart values. 

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Improve model registry to reflect the new projects structure.
 * **Enhancement**: Add section to show users how they can configure a project's features to only host component, model, or artifact versions, e.g [tensorboard](https://cloud.polyaxon.com/ui/polyaxon/tensorboard). 

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Update the graph view to allow drag-based panning and scroll based zooming.
 * **Fix**: Regression in agent > connections tab changing the state and breaking the UI.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Improve roles selection dropdown to reduce confusion:
   * Only allow inviting a billing role from the billing seats table.
   * Do not show the `viewer` role on `Starter` and `Platform` plans, and only allow adding a user with `viewer` role using the read-only seats.
   * Enable a free `billing` seat on the `Platform` plan.
 * **Enhancement**: Add button to transfer a component/model/artifact version to a different project or to create a new project to host the new version.
 * **Enhancement**: Add button to clone a component/mode/artifact version.
 * **Enhancement**: Add button to automatically redirect to the runs table filtered by the component version. 
 * **Enhancement**: Show latest runs by component version and their status, i.e. `project/version: √ √ √ x x √`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve artifact/model version form to show relevant artifacts and add button to show all.
 * **Enhancement**: Add process to detect distressed or out-of-sync operations and logic to fix the issues.
 * **Enhancement**: Add process to check schedules without pending or active operations.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve agents manager to schedule recurrent rescans or operation checks.

## v1.14.0

### CLI

 * **New**: Improve CLI commands for registered components `polyaxon components --help`, models `polyaxon models --help`, and artifacts `polyaxon artifacts --help`.  
 * **Enhancement**: Add `--output/-o` to `polyaxon run ...`, `polyaxon ops get ...`, and `polyaxon ops ls ...` to print the response.
   * `polyaxon ... -o json` or `polyaxon ... -o paht=./path/data.json`

### Specification

 * **New**: Add `modelRef` and `artifactRef` initializers. 

### Core

 * **New**: Add model/component/artifact versions to `ProjectClient`.
 * **Enhancement**: Use name as the default project field instead of uuid.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Add handling for up/down/enter keys in the search suggestions. 
 * **Enhancement**: Do not show delete buttons on the run's artifacts tab when the run is promoted.
 * **Enhancement**: Add open/fold all to lineage tables.
 * **Fix**: Regression in the run's logs not filtering results when changing the search query.
 * **Fix**: Regression in the run's actions dropdown in the table not showing `restart` and `resume` buttons.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Add queue saturation; a progress bar that displays the percentage used by the total concurrency or quota limit.
 * **New**: Add project level artifacts/datasets versioning.
 * **New**: Simplify components and models by providing the functionality within each project.
 * **New**: Automatically collect project components and track their versions:
   * Allows filtering all runs that use the same component.
 * **Enhancement**: Simplify promoting runs to a model or artifact version.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow to register the component used by a runs a component version to be used with `--hub` or `hubRef:`.
