---
title: "Release notes for v1.15"
sub_link: "1-15"
code_link: "releases/1-15.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.15.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.15.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

## V1.15.1

> **N.B**: This patch release is a WIP.

### CLI

 * **New**: Add `polyaxon ops transfer [-p] [-uid] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon models transfer [-p] [-ver] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon artifacts transfer [-p] [-ver] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon component transfer [-p] [-ver] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon models copy [-p] [-ver] [--to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT] [--name=NEW_VERSION_NAME]`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon artifacts copy [-p] [-ver] [--to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT] [--name=NEW_VERSION_NAME]`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon component copy [-p] [-ver] [--to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT] [--name=NEW_VERSION_NAME]`. 
 * **Enhancement**: Improve CLI compatibility with server.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve env var to disable CLI compatibility checks.
 * **Enhancement**: Strip spaces during tags validation.
 * **Enhancement**: Add `-y/--yes` arg to `init` command to Assume "yes" as answer to all prompts and run non-interactively. 
 * **Enhancement**: Allow to pass tags as lists `[a, b, c]` or `["a", "b", "c"]` in addition to handling string values `a, b, c` ro `a,b,c`.
 * **Fix**: Types in CLI docstrings.
 * **Fix**: Issue with FQN for model/artifact/component versions in CLI errors.

### Client

 * **New**: Add transfer method to the `RunClient`.
 * **New**: Add transfer method for versions to the `ProjectClient`.
 * **New**: Add copy method for versions to the `ProjectClient`, if no new name is provided:
   * A new `-copy` suffix will be appended.
   * Same name name will be used if the destination project is provided and is different from the original project.

### Sidecar

 * **Enhancement**: Improve the artifacts syncing logic to be more resilient to failed requests or intermittent errors.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Show sidebar by default and allow users to hide it.
 * **Enhancement**: Automatically hide tabs for runs that do not have specific capabilities.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve performance of several pages.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve global search to switch between search and history by further clicking `cmd + /` or `ctrl + /`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve DAGs with nested schedules UI.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve model/artifact/component version copy button to show a project selection. 
 
### Streams

 * **Enhancement**: Update fs backends.

### Docs

 * **Fix**: Several typos and guides.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Improve service account roles and access checks.
 * **Enhancement**: Optimize and speed-up agent sync process.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve support for dags with nested schedules metadata and UI.
 * **Fix**: Regression in multi-run stop/delete buttons in the cross-project table.

## V1.15.0

### Deployment

 * **New**: Add support for corporate proxies, new `proxy: {}` section was added, e.g:
  ```yaml
  proxy:
    enabled: false
    useInOps: true
    httpProxy: "12.12.12.12:8080"
    httpsProxy: "12.12.12.12:8080"
    noProxy: "12.12.12.12:8080"
    host: "12.12.12.12"
    port: 8080
    kind: transparent or connect
  ```
 * **Security**: Fix critical vulnerabilities.

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Improve compiler failure message due to sampling errors.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve default ignore manager with common python ignore patterns.
 * **Enhancement**: improve df processing.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Update roadmap link in UI.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not minimize new sections when loading all events for a specific kind.
 * **Fix**: Issue in the table search suggestions.
 * **Fix**: Issue in copying query configuration button.

### CLI

 * **Enhancement**: Improve `project ls`.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not purge config when not changing the host value.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve `-o json` with the run url.
 * **Fix**: Issue with `-o json`.
 * **Fix**: `artifacts` and `mdoels` docstrings.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Update ingress documentation for GKE.
 * **Fix**: Fix wrong documentation for using the artifacts init section.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Add global search `cmd + /` or `ctrl + /`, a single global search field to provide easy access to:
   * Projects
   * Models
   * Components
   * Connections
   * Operations
 * **New**: Provide user's history (recently viewed items) with search.
 * **Enhancement**: Only show the list of projects accessible to users in organizations with restrictions.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve settings page for projects declared as registry or hub.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow promoting model/artifact versions on different projects directly from the run overview or runs table.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve transferring of artifact/model versions.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve agent sync process.
