---
title: "Release notes for v1.16"
sub_link: "1-16"
code_link: "releases/1-16.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.16.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.16.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

## V1.16.0

> **N.B**: This minor release is a WIP.

### CLI

 * **New**: Add `polyaxon ops inspect [-p] [-uid]` command similar to the inspect button.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon ops shell [-p] [-uid]` command similar to the shell tab.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon run ... --shell` command to start an operation and provide a shell session as soon as it starts running.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon ops transfer [-p] [-uid] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon models transfer [-p] [-ver] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon artifacts transfer [-p] [-ver] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon component transfer [-p] [-ver] --to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon models copy [-p] [-ver] [--to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT] [--name=NEW_VERSION_NAME]`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon artifacts copy [-p] [-ver] [--to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT] [--name=NEW_VERSION_NAME]`.
 * **New**: Add `polyaxon component copy [-p] [-ver] [--to-project=DESTINATION_PROJECT] [--name=NEW_VERSION_NAME]`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve CLI compatibility with server.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve env var to disable CLI compatibility checks.
 * **Enhancement**: Strip spaces during tags validation.
 * **Enhancement**: Add `-y/--yes` arg to `init` and `delete` commands to assume "yes" as answer to all prompts and run non-interactively.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow to pass tags as lists `[a, b, c]` or `["a", "b", "c"]` in addition to handling string values `a, b, c` or `a,b,c`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve models/artifacts/components CLI get commands.
 * **Enhancement**: Add `--is-file` to the `plx ops artifacts --path --is-file` to allow specifying if the path corresponds to a single file being downloaded.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve upload to automatically pass the `--is-file` flag based on the path.
 * **Fix**: Types in CLI docstrings.
 * **Fix**: Issue with FQN for model/artifact/component versions in CLI errors.

### Client

 * **New**: Add transfer method to the `RunClient`.
 * **New**: Add transfer method for versions to the `ProjectClient`.
 * **New**: Add copy method for versions to the `ProjectClient`, if no new name is provided:
   * A new `-copy` suffix will be appended.
   * Same name will be used if the destination project is provided and is different from the original project.
 * **New**: Add `log_progress` method to the `RunClient` to allow sending progress of a job/experiment meta-data.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve `get_inputs` and `get_outputs` to auto-refresh the run data if no value is detected.

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Improve kubernetes validation and improve support for 1.23.
 * **Enhancement**: Make `IfNotPresent` the default for all containers.

### Tracking

 * **New**: Re-enable histogram rendering and logging.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve filenames sanitization process to prevent wrong naming conventions.

### Sidecar

 * **Enhancement**: Improve the artifacts syncing logic to be more resilient to failed requests or intermittent errors.

### UI

 * **New**: When possible, the `?` will show a direct link to the docs relevant to the UI current page. e.g. if the user is on the service accounts setting tab the `?` will have a link to the guides related to the service accounts.
 * **New**: Data table widget for rendering multi-step events in addition to the per-step slider widget for:
   * text events.
   * html events.
   * dataframe/csv/tsv events.
   * audio events.
   * video events.
   * image events.
   * histogram events.
 * **New**: Allow rendering csv/tsv files and plx events as tables in addition to the code editor in the artifacts view.
 * **New**: Allow inspecting data used for a chart in dashboards.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve image rendering in the dashboards tab.
 * **Enhancement**: Show a slider on the section's height controller to simplify resizing widgets dashboards.
 * **Enhancement**: Disable widgets with no logged events and show the empty prompt that links to the docs as a tooltip.
 * **Enhancement**: Automatically select the `model` artifact in the model registry form.
 * **Enhancement**: Show sidebar by default and allow users to hide it.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve performance of several pages.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve global search to switch between `search` and `history` by further clicking `cmd + /` or `ctrl + /`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve DAGs with nested schedules UI.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve DAGs mouse wheel resizing behavior.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve model/artifact/component version copy button to show a project selection for the version destination.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve the logs viewer's memoization process.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve the expand button content for the `original` and `pipeline` columns in the runs table.
 * **Enhancement**: Automatically hide tabs for runs that do not have specific capabilities.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve raw code renderer.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve focus issues of the dropdowns in the dashboard's widgets.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve dashboard's widget titles and hover effect.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve artifact lineage's download button.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve widget's download button.
 * **Enhancement**: Show spinner on download buttons while the download process is active.
 * **Fix**: Issue with the automatic dashboard sections generator not detecting some event types.
 * **Fix**: Issue with preset's form update not fitting the full page.
 * **Security**: Update packages with CVE.

### Streams

 * **New**: Add package method to download all assets related to an event.
 * **Enhancement**: Update the file system backends.
 * **Enhancement**: Add path guessing for artifacts download.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Add new integrations docs for rendering csv/tsv/piped files.
 * **Enhancement**: Add guides to show how to include Polyaxon client and tracking in unit testing.
 * **Fix**: Several typos and guides.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Improve UI to support redirection to the original page after authentication.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve service account roles and access checks.
 * **Enhancement**: Optimize and speed-up the agent sync process.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve support for DAGs with nested schedules metadata.
 * **Enhancement**: Add project resource and run resource strict scopes to prevent read access to some run endpoints by users with the `viewer` role.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve login and signup forms.
 * **Fix**: Regression in multi-run stop/delete buttons in the cross-project table.
 * **Fix**: Regression in operations cache invalidation API.
