---
title: "Release notes for v1.22"
sub_link: "1-22"
code_link: "https://github.com/polyaxon/polyaxon/blob/master/releases/1-22.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.22.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.22.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

> **N.B.**: This release is not published yet.

## V1.22.0

### CLI

 * **Enhancement**: Make all libraries compatible with Python 3.11.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve logging to simplify debugging and detecting issues.

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Increase artifact's name length to allow longer names.
 * **Enhancement**: Make logs collection internal.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve deprecation and warning logic.
 * **Enhancement**: Update file system backends (GCS, Azure, S3, Minio, NFS, ...).
 * **Enhancement**: Improve compatibility logic and warning about CLI versions ahead of server versions.
 * **Enhancement**: Speed up events loading, saving, and streaming logic.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve artifact deletion for runs managed manually.
 * **Fix**: Issue to avoid nesting folders when updating an uploaded files/directories.
 * **Fix**: Issue with `acquisition_function` with new scipy versions.

### Tracking

 * **New**: Add spaCy tracking callback.
 * **New**: Add Prophet tracking callback.
 * **Enhancement**: Update PytorchLightning tracking callback.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve debugging experience by showing more informative logs when API returns 403/401 errors.
 * **Enhancement**: When logging a final state for a non-managed operation, the tracking module should automatically collect and end the operation without the need to manually call `.end()`.
 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade pynvml's version for GPU tracking.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve log processing and streaming for run managed manually.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve tensor/array sanitization.

### UI

 * **New**: Add metrics/params performance widget to dashboards.
 * **Fix**: Issue reloading the table after a multi-run deletion when the runs count is less than 10.

### Docs

 * **New**: New guide to get started with the local sandbox server.
 * **New**: New deployment guides using:
   * pip
   * Docker
   * Docker compose
   * Kubernetes

### Deployment

 * **Beta**: A new sandbox debugger for running and visualizing on a local machine without any docker requirement.
 * **New**: Upgrade platform chart dependency to use postgres/redis/rabbitmq from bitnami.
 * **New**: Refactor database connector to allow using Postgres and SQLite.
 * **New**: Refactor proxies to use a single service to expose Gateway, API, and streams endpoint.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve speed of several core components.
 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade Python to v3.11 for core component images.
 * **Security**: Fix CVE issues.

### Commercial

  * **New**: Speed-up streams APIs by adding an auth caching layer.
  * **Enhancement**: Show auxiliaries definitions in the agent setting tab.
  * **Enhancement**: Improve IP allow list and permission checks.
