---
title: "Release notes for v1.5"
sub_link: "1-5"
code_link: "releases/1-5.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v1.5.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v1.5.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

## v1.5.4

### CLI

 * **Enhancement**: Allow CE users to list public components and their versions. 

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Update logs viewer to better handle logs from main containers in TFJob and PytorchJob.
 * **Enhancement**: Use subdued color for stopped status.
 * **Enhancement**: Use custom titles for all pages.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Improve several guides and fix several issues.
 * **Enhancement**: Reorganize quick-start.

### Commercial
 
 * **Enhancement**: Several enhancements.
 * **Enhancement**: Enable basic activities and analytics in all plans.

## v1.5.3

### CLI

 * **Enhancement**: Add logic to publish `polyaxon-cli:latest` docker image to the release pipeline. 

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Improve container's sanitization. 
 * **Fix**: Remove errors interceptions for API/Healthz/Streams.

### Operator

 * **Enhancement**: Add `MaxConcurrentReconciles` option to allow concurrent reconciles, default is 1.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve condition transition and update time reporting.
 * **Enhancement**: Add handling for issues with init containers. 
 * **Fix**: Issue with unschedulable operations not reported correctly.
 * **Fix**: Issue with pod errors not detected correctly.
 * **Fix**: Issue with pending, error, warning phases not reconciled correctly.
 * **Fix**: Issue with unsupported type error when a generic error is raised.

### Deployment & Setup

 * **Enhancement**: Expose `operator.maxConcurrentReconciles` Helm option with default value 1.

### Commercial
 
 * **Enhancement**: Do not show edit button to users without edit rights.

## v1.5.2

### Agent

 * **Enhancement**: Improve exp backoff when queue state is full.

### Core

 * **New**: Add new wait time field:
   * Wait time is the duration from the time a run is created until it starts, it includes creation, compilation, queueing, and scheduling.
   * wait time + run duration represent the total lifecycle of a run.
   * Add possibility to filter and sort by wait time.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve resume and restart status reasons.
 * **Enhancement**: Ensure unique init container names.

### UI

 * **New**: Add pipeline progress to the run overview page.
 * **New**: Show wait time on the run overview page and the comparison table.
 * **New**: Add clones lineage tab.
 * **Enhancement**: Consolidate all pipeline related information (children runtimes, concurrency, progress, ...) in a new overview section.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve run's overview page.
 * **Enhancement**: Hide project panels' shortcuts on mobile and small screens.
 * **Enhancement**: Move filter buttons' icons to the left side to have consistent UX.
 * **Fix**: Regression when resuming runs; the modal does not close.
 * **Fix**: Regression with column switches for inputs/outputs not displayed immediately.
 * **Fix**: Some rendering issues.

## Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Typos and several improvements.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Significant improvements to reduce wait time and operation processing.
 * **Fix**: Regression when resuming a run when it's part of a pipeline.

## v1.5.1

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Improve type checking and allow compatible types.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow opting out of type checks by using the type `ANY`.
 * **Enhancement**: Add check for last transition time when saving status conditions and respect chronology.
 * **Enhancement**: Consolidate statuses reason.
 * **Enhancement**: Add exception handling for non compiler errors.
 * **Fix**: Regression in init artifacts container for mount paths.
 * **Fix**: Bug with `container.env`. Values containing `int` are casted. e.g. `value: "1"`.
 * **Fix**: Bug with `any` type parsing.

### Agent

 * **Fix** Move scheduled status logging to the agent controller.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Add cursor pointer for statuses and stages.

### Docs

 * **New**: Add new how-tos section to document recurrent use-cases and frequent questions about leveraging Kubernetes abstractions in Polyaxon.
 * **New**: Add new guide about conditional scheduling.
 * **New**: Add new guide about manual/human approval.
 * **New**: Add new guide about operations caching.
 * **New**: Add new guide about concurrency management.
 * **New**: Add new guide about external invocation.
 * **New**: Add new guide about manual volume, secrets, and configmaps mounting.
 * **New**: Add new guide about service accounts usage.
 * **New**: Add new guide about security context usage.
 * **New**: Add more information about the compiler and variables resolution in the context section.
 * **Fix**: Typos.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Allow requesting all inputs, outputs, artifacts as dictionaries without specifying values by keys.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve handling of unexpected compilation errors, and set the operation to failed to notify the user.

## v1.5.0

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Allow to specify path from and path to in the init artifacts specification.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve restart with copy mode, the artifacts are now initialized under the new run.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve several APIs response time.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow passing variables to the concurrency key in matrix algorithms and dag.
 * **Enhancement**: Add `uuid` type parser and validator to the V1IO.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve mount path for artifacts connections in init containers.
 * **Enhancement**: Remove restriction on parameters with `contextOnly` and `toInit`.
 * **Enhancement**: Use `-R` instead of `-r` for recursive copy, a regression was introduced when the base image was updated.
 * **Fix**: Issue in init container logs when the artifacts are coming from the default artifacts store.
 * **Fix**: Typos in protos files.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Use ellipsis, `...`, when a filter is very long.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve the overview headers to use a smaller fonts for titles/names to not break the page when the entity name is long.
 * **Enhancement**: The comparison table shows a list of default columns based on the kind, for instance it will include the concurrency and runtime for Matrix runs.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve edit filter by adding a spaces after `:` and between operators like `|` and `~`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve and consolidate tables padding.
 * **Fix**: Issue with search input not allowing spaces.

### Operator

 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade operator:
   * Use latest stable apimachinery.
   * Use latest stable k8s client-go.
   * Use latest stable controller-runtime.

### Hub

 * **Enhancement**: Add new Tensorboard version with upstream lineage.
 * **Enhancement**: Add new Tensorboard version with performance based join.
 * **Enhancement**: Move notification component to component hub.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve Slack notifier to send extra information, such as inputs, outputs, and custom information.

### House Keeping

 * **Enhancement**: Upgrade go version.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Move context docs to a separate section.
 * **Fix**: Typos.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Add `Join` and `JoinParam` specifications. As opposed to the `matrix` section which allows to parallelize operations using hyperparameter tuning or mapping, the `joins` section allows:
   * to filter, aggregate, and annotate inputs/outputs/artifacts from multiple or parallel upstream runs based on query/sort/limit/offset specification.
   * to initialize an operation with all artifacts from several upstream runs dynamically.
 * **New**: Implement logic for internal `events`. Users can now run full event based workflows, and in future iterations, it will be possible to start operations based on external events and internal alerts.
 * **New**: Implement logic for `hooks`. Hooks can be used:
   * to send webhooks
   * to send notifications and alerts to slack, discord, github, ...
   * to integrate with external systems
   * to initiate a test/eval operation after training.
   * ...
 * **New**: Add new lineage tabs for: connections, actions & hooks, upstream/downstream runs.
 * **Enhancement**: Expose namespace and artifacts store connection used on the run overview page.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow filtering runs by the artifacts store connection name used.
 * **Enhancement**: Use `globals.*` for requesting `uuid`, `name`, `status` and other general values from upstream operations, similar to normal operation context to have more consistent interface.
 * **Enhancement**: Add several heartbeat processes to clean distressed pipelines and runs.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve auditing and activity logs.
 * **Enhancement**: Optimize events access to the database.
 * **Enhancement**: Mark operations with false conditions as `skipped` instead of `failed`.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve the run edge collection logic to conserve metadata, types, and reference.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve the agent controller's querying logic and traversal speed.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve schedules reconciliation by flagging all runs on schedule to avoid race conditions.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve connections compilation.
 * **Fix**: Issue with pipelines getting two final states (`stopped` and then `succeeded`).
 * **Fix**: Issue with agent controller not scheduling DAGs and Matrix when a schedule is attached.
 * **Fix**: Issue when a schedule is attached to a matrix, the metadata is missing and the matrix icon not showing in the sidebar.
 * **Fix**: Issue with schedule not stopping properly and keep scheduling new runs.
