---
title: "Release notes for v2.11"
sub_link: "2-11"
code_link: "https://github.com/polyaxon/polyaxon/blob/master/releases/2-11.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v2.11.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v2.11.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

> **N.B.**: If you are upgrading from polyaxon v1.x, please check the [v2 release notes](/docs/releases/2-0/) and the [migration guide](/docs/resources/migration/#migration-from-v1x-to-v2y).

## V2.11.0 [WIP]

### Core

 * **Beta**: Add possibility to launch persistent Ray clusters.
 * **Beta**: Add possibility to launch persistent Dask clusters.
 * **Beta**: Add possibility to launch persistent Spark clusters.
 * **Beta**: Add support for pod failure policy https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/job/pod-failure-policy/ in termination.

### CLI

 * **Beta**: Add `polyaxon clusters` command group.

### Operator

 * **Beta**: Add logic to cull idle notebooks.

### UI

 * **New**: Add new tabs to the infra section to launch and monitor Ray/Dask/Spark clusters.
 * **New**: Add markdown, scalar, summary, lineage, and performance widgets.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow visualizing multiple images (index range) at the same time.
 * **Enhancement**: Implement lazy loading of widgets in dashboards based on their visibility in viewport.
 * **Enhancement**: Do not render large artifacts and provide preview button.
 * **Enhancement**: Simplify switching to data view in metrics widgets.
 * **Fix**: Some UI issues and dropdowns styles.

### Commercial

 * **New**: Add user (created by / author) to projects and versions to track who created the projects, model versions, artifact versions, and component versions.
 * **New**: Stabilize and enable the new notifications/alerts/events layer to the clients to allow sending mid-run events to external systems.
 * **New**: Stabilize and enable automations to create a monitoring of conditions and events and trigger actions.
 * **New**: Stabilize and enable the control plane integrations.
