---
title: "Release notes for v2.12"
sub_link: "2-12"
code_link: "https://github.com/polyaxon/polyaxon/blob/master/releases/2-12.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v2.12.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v2.12.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

> **N.B.**: If you are upgrading from polyaxon v1.x, please check the [v2 release notes](/docs/releases/2-0/) and the [migration guide](/docs/resources/migration/#migration-from-v1x-to-v2y).

## V2.12.0

### Core

 * **Beta**: Add possibility to launch persistent Ray clusters.
 * **Beta**: Add possibility to launch persistent Dask clusters.
 * **Beta**: Add support for pod failure policy https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/job/pod-failure-policy/ in termination.
 * ** Enhancement**: Automatically mount connections to user defined sidecars.
 * * **Enhancement**: Update k8s managers to use `deletecollection` for multi-resources deletions.

### Client

 * **New**: Add `OrganizationClient` to allow interacting with APIs on the organization level.
 * **New**: Allow  to scope `OrganizationClient` to specific team.
 * **Enhancement**: Add multi-run operations to the `ProjectClient`.
 * **Enhancement**: Add support for culling config in the client.
 * **Enhancement**: Update sdks.

### Docs

 * **Enhancement**: Add Organization/team client for interacting with organizations and allow scoping to specific team space.
 * **Enhancement**: Add culling config documentation to handling termination and services timeout.
 * **Enhancement**: Update teams documentation to show how to configure the client and CLI to use specific team space.

### Operator

 * **Beta**: Add logic to cull idle notebooks.
 * **Fix**: Issue with service reconciliation getting stack in `warning` <-> `running` statuses.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Allow restarting agent pods from the UI.`
 * **Enhancement**: Implement lazy loading of widgets in dashboards based on their visibility in viewport.
 * **Fix**: Some UI issues and dropdowns styles.
 * **Fix**: Regression in buttons styles.
 * **Fix**: Regression in searching events in the inspection modal.
 * **Fix**: Regression in the graph canvas.
 * **Fix**: Regression in the realtime stats showing wrong `warning` counts
 * **Fix**: Regression in the projects list breaking with long names.
 * **Fix**: ake projects grid view responsive for different screen sizes.

### Commercial
 * **Enhancement**: Improve teams spaces.
 * **Fix**: Issue in team space
 * **Fix**: Issue in teams APIs and enforce scopes.
