---
title: "Release notes for v2.14"
sub_link: "2-14"
code_link: "https://github.com/polyaxon/polyaxon/blob/master/releases/2-14.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v2.14.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v2.14.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

> **N.B.**: If you are upgrading from polyaxon v1.x, please check the [v2 release notes](/docs/releases/2-0/) and the [migration guide](/docs/resources/migration/#migration-from-v1x-to-v2y).

## V2.14.1

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Improve project deletion to avoid locking the database in cascade queries.

### Charts

 * **Fix**: Issue in template context in `serviceAccountImagePullSecrets` and `additionalNamespaces` range loop.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Clean up charts and graphs logic.

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Add possibility to archive/restore agents and queues.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve agent/queue deletion to avoid locking the database in cascade queries.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve project deletion to avoid locking the database in cascade queries.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve errors messages when resolving agents and queues for runs.

## V2.14.0

### Core

 * **Enhancement**: Add cron to check for out-of-sync runs.
 * **Enhancement**: Always update the "last update" field in runs when the status is changed.
 * **Enhancement**: Add heartbeat cleanup for runs stuck in warning states.
 * **Enhancement**: Add heartbeat cron to fail runs stuck with pending uploads that were never completed.
 * **Enhancement**: Stop children runs when bulk archiving DAG/Matrix runs and include controller children in archive/restore.

### Sidecar

 * **Enhancement**: Add guard to prevent sending 0 "since_last" to the k8s logs APIs, which causes the sidecar to crash in some k8s versions.

### UI

 * **New**: Add scalar chart.
 * **New**: Add table chart.
 * **New**: Add violin chart.
 * **New**: Add boxplot chart.
 * **New**: Add sync cursor to allow comparing across charts.
 * **New**: Make brush selection in charts to be shared across charts.
 * **New**: Improve visualization of multiple runs in the compare dashboard.
 * **New**: Add support for regex based search of widgets in dashboards.
 * **New**: Add new stats table.
 * **New**: Allow customizing the tooltips with table of params/metrics.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve rendering and performance of charts.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow switching to data inspection for scalar, curve, bar, violin, and boxplot charts.
 * **Enhancement**: Make calls to the lineages lighter and faster.
 * **Fix**: Issue in compare dashboards not loading all artifacts lineages, which results in missing sections

### Commercial

 * **Enhancement**: Improve promoting dashboard and searches by introducing a new visibility level.
 * **Enhancement**: Consolidated dashboard and search tables directly in the dropdown and remove confusing sidebar links.
 * **Security**: Fix CVE issues.
