---
title: "Release notes for v2.4"
sub_link: "2-4"
code_link: "https://github.com/polyaxon/polyaxon/blob/master/releases/2-4.md"
meta_title: "Polyaxon release notes for v2.4.x - Polyaxon Releases"
meta_description: "Polyaxon release notes, migrations, and deprecation notes for v2.4.x."
visibility: public
status: published
tags:
  - reference
sidebar: "releases"
---

> **N.B.**: If you are upgrading from polyaxon v1.x, please check the [v2 release notes](/docs/releases/2-0/) and the [migration guide](/docs/resources/migration/#migration-from-v1x-to-v2y).

## V2.4.0-p1

### UI

 * **New**: Add project kind filter on project list to allow showing component hubs, model registries, ...
 * **Fix**: Issue with quick search (cmd + /) when team space is selected.

### Commercial

  * **Fix**: Regression in team permissions check.

## V2.4.0

### CLI

 * **Enhancement**: Allow resetting the run uuid in `polyaxon ops push` command.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow resetting the run agent in `polyaxon ops push` command.
 * **Enhancement**: Allow resetting the run name in `polyaxon ops push` command.

### Operator

  * **Enhancement**: Update the operation status StartTime logic.
  * **Enhancement**: Update finalizer logic to use controller util pacakge.
  * **Enhancement**: Improve operation done reconciliation checks.
  * **Fix**: Issue with ttlSecondsAfterFinished not calculated correctly.

### Core

 * **New**: New logs collection logic to avoid losing context in case of pod or container restarts.
 * **New**: Add `globals.username` to the globals context to make it available to the Polyaxonfile compiled specification.
 * **Enhancement**: Update logs chunking for agent core components.
 * **Enhancement**: Update logs syncing logic in sidecars.
 * **Enhancement**: Update logs persistent format.
 * **Enhancement**: Always set permissions when persisting env.json file.

### UI

 * **Enhancement**: Add runs' uuids by default to the columns in csv export.
 * **Enhancement**: Improve download logic when only uuids are selected.
 * **Fix**: Regression with multi-run transfer modal.

### Commercial

  * **Enhancement**: Improve reconcile logic to not delete operations prematurely when they have a TTL set.
  * **Enhancement**: Improve cleanup logic for stale operations.
